EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/product_description/content_and_commerce.md

# Content and commerce

In eZ Commerce content and commerce are managed in one system.

## Dynamic menu

> In the main navigation Product Catalog and Content items can be displayed. A partner can decide which Content Types should appear in the menu using configuration. The order of the navigation items can be defined by the editor in the Back Office using the priority field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the main navigation, Product Catalog and Content items can be displayed. A partner can configure which Content Types should appear in the menu. The order of the navigation items can be defined by the editor in the Back Office using the priority field.
```

![Dynamic menu](img/Dynamic_menu.png)

## Page blocks

> eZ Commerce adds 3 new blocks to the Page Builder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce adds following new blocks to the Page Builder:
```

- Bestseller - display general bestsellers or bestseller of a given group
- Product slider - displays a slider of chosen products
- Last viewed - displays the last viewed products

!!! note

>     The Newsletter2Go Plugin  adds a Newsletter block to the Page Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Newsletter2Go Plugin adds a Newsletter block to the Page Builder.
```

## Embed a product

> If product data is stored in regular content, products or product slider can be embedded in all kinds of RichText Fields (e.g. in articles, news, blog posts and events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If product data is stored in regular content, products or product slider can be embedded in the RichText Field (e.g. in articles, news, blog posts and events).
```

![](img/image2018-7-11_19-44-51.png)

> If products are stored in eContent and/or a PIM system, a product slider can be embedded in all RichText Field (e.g. in articles, news, blog posts and events) by using the element "Product card". With eContent it is not possible to embed a single product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If products are stored in eContent and/or a PIM system, a product slider can be embedded in the RichText Field (e.g. in articles, news, blog posts and events) by using the element "Product card". With eContent it is not possible to embed a single product.
```
